everybody welcome back to the Pixar Cars
Thomas a French fan Channel it's a busy
day at the Sodor Steamworks salty is
next in line to get his engine work done
look he's hanging in the air by the
crane and there's diesel 10 just leaving
the Sodor Steamworks now mr. Topham Hatt
is watching all the action going on
there and look over here we have the
mechanic is just about ready to start
working on dirty diesel and over here we
have is that Harvey the crane leaving
town - and there's Bulstrode and there's
the helicopter Harold the helicopter now
let's see what's going on the other side
today
we see Thomas just coming in and there's
a flower car half full and look this
cranky the crane putting a load it looks
like butter onto Bulstrode that's right
they're exporting a load of butter for
some cookies I guess and here's the
empty boxcar now let's go back and see
Thomas he doesn't look very good today
what's wrong thomas assessor topham hatt
I just don't feel like myself today sir
said Thomas there's something wrong with
my firebox it's all clogged up or
something just then Toby puffed up
that's right sir he's been acting
strange all day and I'll find just smoke
coming from a smokestack oh my goodness
it's our topping Matt I think I know
what's wrong I think your firebox had
clogged up you need the special button
the fuel to clean there though let me
call up my friends and ready in her
springs to see if Fillmore's available
oh yes
said Thomas Filmore he makes a special
blend of fuel to clean engines oh but
what would happen if I take that in my
engine we don't know such a Topham Hatt
will have to fry it and find out let me
call the VA cafe and find out meanwhile
over at either Springs all the cars are
cruising down the Main Street like they
always do the leading leader we're
cleaning up their shop they just mean
he's changing tires on the car and this
is your moment sporting his brand-new
shocks and look here comes looks like
Sarge and Fillmore heading in the right
gear Springs and they're of course a
Sally and lightning and hanging around
and there's the Pizza Planet delivery
truck with John Lasseter now let's see
what else is going on suddenly the phone
rings it right either Springs
who could that be set flow one second
everybody so flow into the only phone in
your head in your Springs and it's our
old friend Sir Topham Hatt oh hi so
talking man what can we do for you set
flow I'd like to speak to film more
please he makes special blend fuel that
might help Thomas train there's a lot of
bad smoke coming from his engine just a
moment set flow I'll get film noir now
film are you want on the bone I'm coming
said Fillmore here I come all the cars
gathered around the watch because it's
not very often at Fillmore gets a phone
call and Sir Topham Hatt they can't
believe it
well what can I do for you is the top
mad said Fillmore you want some special
blend yes
set your top a bath I have to send
Thomas to your town and maybe you can
fix him up I'll mix up a special blend
just for him said Fillmore send them
over Leon we'll be waiting for him okay
I'll send them now Thomas you take
bolster over to Radiator Springs and get
yourself cleaned out okay he said Thomas
I'll go now Frankie had another job now
we had about thomas i'm Bulstrode hang
on
tom is it quite heavy but i know i can
lift you into the back of all straw here
goes before he knew it thomas was on the
back of Bulstrode and ready to go
thanks everybody said Thomas I'll be
back soon and off you went to Radiator
Springs before you know it
Thomas made his way into rioter Springs
on the hidden railroad track it's very
rarely used and he goes right to
downtown ready the springs here he comes
now everybody it was quite an event
Thomas chuffed in the town
where's Fillmore oh there yeah Fillmore
I'm want some of that special blend all
right said don't worry I got it all
mixed up for you
all the cars gathered around to watch
I'll get up on the track - he says and
pour it in your engine here goes
Fillmore for the whole thing into town
with his boiler all a special blend
okay that shouldn't take long to start
acting up so you should notice a
difference right away
whoa I can feel it now said Thomas
what's happening to me Thomas are you
okay you get an awful big what's going
on oh I feel like I'm growing how I keep
it on the tracks anymore what's
happening all the currents rushed out of
the way even Fillmore backed up oh no I
I'm still growing he said next thing you
know Thomas was 10 times its normal size
help me help me something's wrong
something's wrong
my ancient feels good but I'm too big no
they said cousin Troy said oh man I must
have gave you too much of the growth
serum Oh Fillmore is that doc she UPS
hiding over here and look at Widow on
top of rags he's safe there
ok said Fillmore we got a little problem
I'll mix up another batch and we'll fix
you up
little more was gone to a shop for half
an hour and when you came back you have
a new blend alright this time is silver
and white straight nude ok he says I
heard y'all getting it up there hang on
and they all struggled in the porky
entire batch into Thomas's boiler oh
that feels good said Thomas oh my
goodness I feel like I'm starting to
shrink much bed reset but I still can't
go on my track oh oh I'm getting smaller
again he said whirring no it Thomas was
right back to his normal size again and
I feel great he said my engine is
working perfect I can go as fast as I
want
sorry man said somewhere I must have
made a mistake at that first batch I
hope you're ok now
oh I feel great said Thomas fell off the
car rushed back over to see Thomas he
was okay and he wasn't gigantic even
mater was there like I'm a little mater
I can't wait to see you again make sure
you come back again I have to go is that
Thomas so Sir Topham has waiting for me
I have things to do
goodbye everybody Thomas chuffed away on
the track and he went back to Bulstrode
and made his way back to the force
Thomas began blowing his whistle when
his way out at sea all the trains and
Sir Topham Hatt rushed over to meet
Thomas uncommon even said Thomas make
room and just into the dock he came I
think he picked them up and put them
back on the tracks how do you feel since
you're Topham Hatt I feel fantastic said
Thomas that special britain film our
maid cleaned me right out and I feel
like a million dollars except for that
one incident where I became gigantic you
what became gigantic
now asking other stories of Thomas don't
worry butter and told me those happy to
have
friend back and Thomas was set up for
work the very next day thanks for
watching folks like the video about
Thomas and Friends and Pixar Cars and
film or special blend
fixing Thomas have a great day everybody